make it possible to manually set chunks when loading dask arrays (#1477)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/analysis/dask.rst

   # note: no series.flush() needed

> The ``to_dask_array`` method will automaticaly set dask array chunking based on the availible chunks.
> The default behaviour can be overriden by passing an additional keyword argument ``chunks``, see ``dask.array.from_array`` documentation for more details.
> For example, to chunk only along the outhermost axis in a 3D dataset using the default dask array chunk size call ``to_dask_array(chunks={0: 'auto', 1: -1,  2:  -1})``.

Reviewer: A few typos and linking external docs in Dask:
```suggestion
The ``to_dask_array`` method will automatically set Dask array chunking based on the available chunks in the read data set.
The default behavior can be overridden by passing an additional keyword argument ``chunks``, see the `dask.array.from_array documentation <https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/generated/dask.array.from_array.html>`__ for more details.
For example, to chunk only along the outermost axis in a 3D dataset using the default Dask array chunk size, call ``to_dask_array(chunks={0: 'auto', 1: -1,  2:  -1})``.
```
